He saved the king's life
This favor must be exchanged
What's more, serve yourself as the king
This king bites to death and wants to turn over
Now I can only hope that Yuan Qingming can cure the royal family
will work
In case the princess cannot be held accountable and innocent
Then die with him
Die or die
Your lord, your wound
Yuan Qinglin can drag all his injuries in the palace for treatment
Grandfather, what am I capable of?
Hurry up
If you have a lover, please support this king.
Why do you people like to hit people's boards?
Let go of me, this is what the father means
Who made you tough
Li Wenhao has pleaded guilty
Said he just quickly recruited
To avoid suffering from flesh and blood
Do you want Qu Dacheng to do it?
Absolutely impossible
I won't even know what I haven't done
Damn Yuwen Hao made me sad again
If only I could make it back alive
I can't spare you, please.
Stop